Update landing pages for backup charm documents (#55)
canonical/backup-operators: docs/explanation/index.md

# Explanation

This section provides additional context and deeper understanding of

> specific topics and concepts relevant to the WordPress charm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specific topics and concepts relevant to the Backup charms.
```
or
```suggestion
specific topics and concepts relevant to the Bacula charms.
```
